Add SELinux documentation for main and v3.16 (#463)
tigera/docs: calico-enterprise/operations/logstorage/create-storage.mdx

reclaimPolicy: Retain
```

:::note

> If local persistent volumes are provisioned on a SELinux-enabled host, you can use `/mnt/tigera` host path created by {{prodname}} policy package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If local persistent volumes are provisioned on an SELinux-enabled host, you can use the `/mnt/tigera` host path created by {{prodname}} policy package.
```
